Xiao Wu, go back with your mother-in-law first
I have something else to do tonight. I'll see you tomorrow.
Wife
Goodbye goodbye slower
What's wrong with adults
I don't know. I just think
A while of Mo Wenjing's heartache
Is the adult a zombie reflex?
Probably not.
I just have a throbbing feeling in my heart
I always feel that the little master is a little strange
He doesn't love you when he looks at you and I think when he goes shopping like crazy
The first time he met me
There may be some resistance to me
It will get better slowly
After all, I owe him so much
Xiao Wu, you are still amazing
Pretending to be the daughter of Hardware Nation
Let's go today
Net profit of 100 million
Very simple truth
Feel guilty and naturally make a big shot
That surnamed Wu?
Now he regards me as his own daughter, hahaha.
Wife
You're still amazing, but let that guy named Yong know the truth
Will he take revenge on us?
He's just a businessperson
How else can we
But this thing
I'm not a good fit to come forward
You two are going to get an extra three melons and two dates on Hardware Country
Wait for your company to start
You go directly to the Sun family
My Sun family is at least a second-rate wealthy family in Jiangcheng
If you raise money in the Sun family, you are afraid that his hardware country will turn against you
Yeah, I'm not afraid, what are you afraid of?
Just pretending to be a good girl
Don't play that Wu Jingguo around
Hahaha
Ah, by the way, what about Tang Wu?
I've been locked in the basement for a long time, so I can't get out, right?
You have to lock him up
Let him call Tiantian Shou
The earth is not working
Maybe the key is only to move the chair.
Although there is a garage in this basement
But that's it.
This family is evil